README.md, before:

### Java Offline Geoip

[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/tornaia/java-offline-geoip.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0) [![Travis (.com)](https://img.shields.io/travis/com/tornaia/java-offline-geoip.svg)](https://travis-ci.com/tornaia/java-offline-geoip) [![Maven Central](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/com.github.tornaia/java-offline-geoip.svg)](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/com.github.tornaia/java-offline-geoip) [![SonarQube Coverage](https://img.shields.io/sonar/https/sonarcloud.io/com.github.tornaia%3Ajava-offline-geoip/coverage.svg)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=com.github.tornaia%3Ajava-offline-geoip) [![SonarQube Tech Debt](https://img.shields.io/sonar/https/sonarcloud.io/com.github.tornaia%3Ajava-offline-geoip/tech_debt.svg)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=com.github.tornaia%3Ajava-offline-geoip)

##### Donate

Clear feedback. Just if you appreciate my efforts!

[![](https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donateCC_LG.gif)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=TAANNK2KXZXHG)

##### Prerequisites for development

* JDK10 to build (http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jdk10-downloads-4416644.html) 
* JRE8 to run (http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jdk8-downloads-2133151.html)
* Maven 3.2.1 or later (https://maven.apache.org/download.cgi)

##### Build

* mvn clean package

##### License

The GeoLite2 databases are distributed under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License. The attribution requirement may be met by including the following in all advertising and documentation mentioning features of or use of this database:

This product includes GeoLite2 data created by MaxMind, available from
<a href="http://www.maxmind.com">http://www.maxmind.com</a>.

Commit message:

Add intro section to README.md

README.md, after:

### Java Offline Geoip

[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/tornaia/java-offline-geoip.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0) [![Travis (.com)](https://img.shields.io/travis/com/tornaia/java-offline-geoip.svg)](https://travis-ci.com/tornaia/java-offline-geoip) [![Maven Central](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/com.github.tornaia/java-offline-geoip.svg)](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/com.github.tornaia/java-offline-geoip) [![SonarQube Coverage](https://img.shields.io/sonar/https/sonarcloud.io/com.github.tornaia%3Ajava-offline-geoip/coverage.svg)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=com.github.tornaia%3Ajava-offline-geoip) [![SonarQube Tech Debt](https://img.shields.io/sonar/https/sonarcloud.io/com.github.tornaia%3Ajava-offline-geoip/tech_debt.svg)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=com.github.tornaia%3Ajava-offline-geoip)

##### Donate

Clear feedback. Just if you appreciate my efforts!

[![](https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donateCC_LG.gif)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=TAANNK2KXZXHG)

##### Intro

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 codes are two-letter country codes defined in ISO 3166-1, part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), to represent countries, dependent territories, and special areas of geographical interest. [Read more](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1_alpha-2)

##### Prerequisites for development

* JDK10 to build (http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jdk10-downloads-4416644.html) 
* JRE8 to run (http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jdk8-downloads-2133151.html)
* Maven 3.2.1 or later (https://maven.apache.org/download.cgi)

##### Build

* mvn clean package

##### License

The GeoLite2 databases are distributed under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License. The attribution requirement may be met by including the following in all advertising and documentation mentioning features of or use of this database:

This product includes GeoLite2 data created by MaxMind, available from
<a href="http://www.maxmind.com">http://www.maxmind.com</a>.
